Valildate format xsiam entities (#3120)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where **validate** command did not fail on non-existent dependency ids of non-mandatory dependant content.
* Fixed pytest async io deprecation warning.
* Fixed an issue where **lint** falsely warned of using `demisto.results`.

> * Added validation and formatting for *fromversion* field in *Correlation Rule* and *XSIAM Dashboard* files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a **validate** check, and a **format** auto fix for the `fromversion` field in Correlation Rules and XSIAM Dashboards.
```
